Working hard with adequate leisure, this is the answer to how to balance work and leisure. Nowadays, people have more work pressure than the past so that we could heard that someone died during work sometimes.


On one hand, These people, working hard, no doubt that could earn money more than the lazier one. But lifetime it is not only all about the one people ‘20s, '30s. How about after that when we older than that age? If we work too hard, the mental health about ourselves could be worse than others.
On one hand, These people, working hard, no doubt that could earn money more than the lazier worker. But lifetime it is not only all about the one people ‘20s, '30s. How about after that when we older than 20,30? If we work too hard, the mental health about ourselves could be worse than others.

one->worker
that age->20,30
20's->‘20s

On one hand, The people, working hard, no doubt that could earn money more than the lazier worker. But the lifetime it is not only all about the one people ‘20s, '30s. How about after that when we older than 20,30? If we work hard, the mental health about ourselves could be worse than others.

earn money->gain
after that->after that,
‘20s, '30s->of ‘20s, '30s
be gradually

On one hand, The people, working hard, no doubt that could gain more than the lazier worker. But the lifetime it is not only all about the one people of ‘20s, '30s. After that, when we older than 20,30 the mental health about ourselves will be gradually worse than others.


One another hand, leisure man should give himself a lifetime goal to achieve it. Otherwise,it is not only have the mental health about the hard working man, but also the leisure man have if he want to compare with hardworking man.
So, we should work hard with adequate leisure, these is how to balance work and leisure.

is not only have->does not only have  is x work with have
have->has
want->wants
hardworking->a hardworking

is->are


,->.

One another hand, leisure man should give himself a lifetime goal to achieve it. Otherwise, it does not only have the mental health about the hard working man, but also the leisure man has if he wants to compare with a hardworking man.
So, we should work hard with adequate leisure.these are how to balance work and leisure.
